>   Exercise 3.43. Suppose that the balances in three accounts start out as $10, $20, and $30, and that multiple processes run, exchanging the balances in the accounts.

    Argue that if the processes are run sequentially, after any number of concurrent exchanges, the account balances should be $10, $20, and $30 in some order. Draw a timing diagram like the one in figure 3.29 to show how this condition can be violated if the exchanges are implemented using the first version of the account-exchange program in this section.
    On the other hand, argue that even with this exchange program, the sum of the balances in the accounts will be preserved. Draw a timing diagram to show how even this condition would be violated if we did not serialize the transactions on individual accounts.

1) if the processes are run sequentially then, at every point, there is an exchange, the set of balances doesn't change only the people
who own the amounts changes
2) Timing diagrams - drawn on paper and checked online - if the exchange bits are concurrent. You could have the situation where,
a -> $10, b -> $20 and c -> $30. a and b are exchanges and b and c are exchanged concurrently. if a and b have been exchanged, after the difference has been calculated by the second exchange. Then $10 gets added to the $10 that b has an $10 gets removed from the $30 that c has. So they all end up with $20 dollars
3) With this, the sum of the balances in the accounts will be preserved - because, we are always adding and substracting the same amount
4) if the transactions on individual accounts are not serialized, we can end up with different sums - (timing diagram on paper :) )
